Incomparably, Mitrefinch offers the best customized workforce optimization and employee management solution for labor intensive and critical environments.

The Mitrefinch workforce management system assists many of the world’s most prestigious corporations. Managing a complex workforce becomes easier with our expertise on with everyday tasks to:

    Forecast workloads
    Create schedules
    Assign employees to work schedules
    Make adjustments to workload changes

Mitrefinch is a premier global leader in delivering employee management software to help businesses overcome challenges of keeping employees productive and engaged.

Automatic Scheduling and Forecasting

Mitrefinch’s workforce management system operates according to actual conditions. Managers can adjust and readjust work schedules in response to employee changes. This dynamic adjusting also identifies which employees have shortfalls and any uncovered tasks as they occur.

An optimal tool for monitoring labor performance, this management system ensures each shift covers the right mix of skills. Rates of pay, skills and availability allow managers to generate the most cost-effective schedule.

Employee Self-Service

The employee portal provides self-management tools to enable employees to choose time and attendance information.

    Work schedules
    Vacation time
    Time-off requests
    Shift changes
    Payroll data
    Update personal details

Giving employees more control over their information does two things. First, employees feel empowered to have access to the same information that determines their role in the organization. Second, access to a system that automates manual, time-consuming processes delivers efficiency for everyone.

Productivity and employee satisfaction increases. Leave requests, authorizations and rejections move automatically through the system. Accuracy of an electronic paper trail clears more time. By automating routine administrative tasks. Managers and supervisors can focus on driving the corporation towards greater success.

